## Glue42 Desktop

*Release date: 31.05.2019*

<glue42 name="addClass" class="newFeatures" element="p" text="New Features"> 

- Added `focusWindow()` method to the Swimlane UI API.
- Added Region-Environment support.
- [Java App Management](../../../glue42-concepts/application-management/java/index.html) API added.
- Added an option to create an Activity and add a specific workspace lane and/or a tab group ID to it.
- Dev Tools Launcher added.
- Extended the Swimlane UI API to be backwards compatible with [**Glue42 Enterprise**](https://glue42.com/enterprise/) v2.x.x.x.
- [JavaScript Hotkeys](../../../glue42-concepts/glue42-platform-features/index.html#hotkeys) API added.
- Modified tab behavior of Glue42 Windows (dragging a tab group in an existing tab group; dragging out a tab and immediately sticking it to another window without having to drop it first).
- Added an option for preserving user configurations when upgrading Glue42 Enterprise.

<glue42 name="addClass" class="bugFixes" element="p" text="Improvements and Bug Fixes"> 

- Improvements in the Swimlane UI regarding tab and lane handling.
- Improvements regarding saving and restoring apps in global layouts.
- Improvements regarding events raised by certain Interop methods.
- Improvements regarding order of auto started applications (high/low priority).
- Glue42 Windows improvements regarding window display.
- Fixed to show an error message when a user has no Java installed and tries to run a Java app.
- Fixed saved workspaces to appear immediately without refresh in the App Manager.
- Fixed delay in restoring a global layout with external (Java, WPF) apps.

## Glue42 Connectors

<glue42 name="addClass" class="newFeatures" element="p" text="New Features">

- [Excel Connector](../../../connectors/ms-office/excel-connector/javascript/index.html) - support for large data sheets added. 