## Glue42 Desktop

*Release date: 29.08.2019*

<glue42 name="addClass" class="newFeatures" element="p" text="New Features">

> Extended the `focusWindow()` method in the Swimlane API to work in the context of Activities.

> Added new configurable workspace options in the [`system.json`](../../../assets/configuration/system.json) file under `swimlane/workspace` - `allowDrop`, `allowExtract`, `actionButtonTooltip`, `addButtonTooltip`.

> Added Swimlane API loading strategies for apps in workspaces.

> Extracted the [splash screen](../../how-to/rebrand-glue42/user-interface/index.html#splash_screen) as a separate app, so that it can be replaced.

> Implemented download bars for [downloading files](../../../glue42-concepts/glue42-platform-features/index.html#downloading_files) in [**Glue42 Enterprise**](https://glue42.com/enterprise/).

> Added support for extensions in web apps hosted in [**Glue42 Enterprise**](https://glue42.com/enterprise/).

> Added a [REST store](../../../glue42-concepts/windows/layouts/overview/index.html#layout_stores) for layout configurations.

> Reintroduced the `ignoreSaveOnClose` application configuration property. See the [application configuration schema](../../../assets/configuration/application.json).

> Published the Glue42 JavaScript library as NPM packages - [@glue42/core](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@glue42/core) and [@glue42/desktop](https://npmjs.com/package/@glue42/desktop).

> Exposed an event for closing and refreshing the current window - [Window Management](../../../glue42-concepts/windows/window-management/javascript/index.html#window_events-close_and_refresh).

> Added [Applications View](../../what-is-glue42/general-overview/index.html#using_glue42_enterprise-applications_view), accessible from the [**Glue42 Enterprise**](https://glue42.com/enterprise/) tray icon.

> Added Java API support for signatures in method definitions and updating contexts.

<glue42 name="addClass" class="bugFixes" element="p" text="Improvements and Bug Fixes">

> Fixed not remembering App Manager position after application restart.

> Fixed `glue.d.ts` file for `channels.subscribe()`.

> Fixed registered hotkey appearing in the utility list only after refresh of all apps.

> Fixed application configuration problems with the `caption` and `ignoreSavedLayout` properties.

> Improvements related to the Swimlane UI - frame closing, workspace restore, global search, handling active/inactive displays after a restore.